Add `--debug` option to `briefcase run` (#2173)
beeware/briefcase: docs/reference/commands/package.rst

This will produce an installable artefact.

> You should not package an application that is build using ``build --test`` or ``build --debug <debugger>``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should not package an application that was built using ``build --test`` or ``build --debug <debugger>``.
```

Author: Fixed.
